Hyperloop Hotels  Travel without leaving Your Room

Hyperloop makes it posible to travel between cities without leaving your room .

It is very ofent people choose a hotel room for few nights whenever they are out of town . When people travel to different city most of them prefer to visit near by cities , or they catchup with their friends and relatives . It is really hard to buy train , Plane tickets and so on . But what if you can travel between cities without leaving your luxrious hotel room ?

Wouldnt you like to have an exprience travelling to different cities just sitting in your Hotel Room  ?

 This brilliant idea of changing hospitality  and trave industry came up in the mind of graduate architecture student Brandan Siebrecht , though it was a combination of  latest technology , travel and hospitality experience into whole as one .
The idea of  a competition for imaginative hotel design with a futuristic concept won him a Radical  Innovation Award of the Year . In last month of July various Hotel investors, developers and architects gathered together to exchange ideas and award the best one over 65 submissions from 24 countries.

The futuristic concept would eliminate the need to buy separate transit tickets for most of the largest cities in the US. It calls for hotels in 13 locations - Seattle, Portland, San Francisco, Las Vegas, Los Angeles, Denver, Sante Fe, Austin, Chicago, Nashville, Washington, DC, New York City, and Boston - which would all be connected by a "Hyperloop system."

Hyperloop 
 
The Design was inspired by DevLoop , A real test track for Hyperloop 	One
being developed in North of Las Vegas . A concept was first introduced  by Tesla CEO Elon Musk in 2013. It is a system where magnetically levitating capsules are sent at high speeds through low-pressure tubes, thereby potentially reducing transport time — of people and goods — by more than 80%. The company, Hyperloop One, wants the concept to be energy-efficient, autonomous, and quicker than a plane. 

Hyperloop  Hotel 

Though the project is still conceptual and has experienced delays , the startup has said its goal is to deliver a fully operational system by 2020.
If you are considering booking a room at Hyperloop Hotel, you need to pay around $1,200, for which you will be able to move quickly between cities. All of that without even leaving your room. Siebrecht tells he hasn't estimated what each night would cost yet. Guests would be able to travel to any hotel destination within the network and even visit multiple destinations in a single day. The size of the modular hotels, which Siebrecht estimates would cost around $10 million each to build, would depend on the location. Hotels in dense cities would likely have smaller footprints than ones in less dense areas. Each room would include an office, a living room with a flatscreen TV, a bedroom, and a bathroom.

I believe the Hyperloop One is the next big innovation in transportation in the United States and possibly the world,” he said. “I wanted to explore ways in which this technology could transform the overall travel experience and hospitality.”

 What do you think ?